# CS364-Lab2
MySQL Lab 2 - Uses Cod2 DB

Using SQL Built-in Functions <br />
2.1)  Create a table showing the number of Items and total price for Order 2000. <br />

SQL Expressions in SQL SELECT Statements <br />
2.2)  Our company marks up all items 37% Write an SQL query that returns the SKU, Extended Price, and Profit for all items that make up order 3000 <br />

Grouping Rows in Select Statement <br />
2.3)  List the Buyer and number of items sold (COUNT) from each department (GROUP)  sorted by buyer name.
(NOTE: Grouping by department excludes one of the buyers, so I had to Group by buyer and department in order to preserve the buyer data). <br />
2.4)  Give the total revenue (Extended Price) generated by items where Cindy Lo or Pete Hansen are the buyer. <br />
2.5)  We have had a fire in the Seattle warehouse.  Show the WarehouseID, SKU, SKU_Description, and QuantityOnHand for all items not in the Seattle warehouse.  The final list should be ordered by WarehouseID then SKU. <br />
2.6)  What total quantity of items were sold in December 2014? <br />
2.7)  Give the Description of items sold in December 2014. <br />

Student provided Nested Queries challenge questions <br />
2.8)  Launia Davis Nested Queries – extra credit challenge <br />
Show the SKU Descriptions and the Department names from the SKU_DATA table where the buyer is either Pete or Cindy. Use a nested query to solve this problem <br />
2.9)  Jake Hatfield CS364 Spring 2017 SQL Nested Query Challenge <br />
How many tents are currently in inventory in all warehouses? <br />
2.10) Luis Loyh CS 364 SQL Nested Query Challenge <br />
Show all of the items for camping and climbing currently on hand (from INVENTORY) in the warehouse in Bangor City. For this query, table SKU_DATA and WAREHOUSE must be nested in your query. <br />
2.11)  John Mozingo <br />
Create an SQL query that finds the CatalogID and the CatalogPage in CATALOG_SKU_2015 of the items in Order_Items table that are less than or equal to $50.00. <br />
